{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13640\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 skwerlhurler@gmail.com\
ask for password\
\
These are the Email/Password for \
\
Code Base in GitHub \
\
You\'92ll need some sort of Branching Software to visualize the merging and etc. \
We will have to set up rules for the repo including how/when you can add or not add to the code base. \
\
Unity GitIgnore is used, this is used to prevent us from using cached, machine specific files. \
\
Art Base in Drop Box \
\
The pixel art and textures will be worked on in dropbox. \
	Why?\
		- Smaller amount of people working on this\
		- Better Separation of work in the animation/texture/design department\
		- Music/sound will also be Eventually added to this base as well\
\
	For the main mechanics/scripting of the game\
	should have all of our art assets here so that we aren\'92t bloating our stuff with art before we are even ready to add it. \
	The animation/sound design are going to be one of the last steps. \
	Just for getting a working prototype for testing should be the main focus for now\
	We can add art later. \
\
Steps. \
\
Download Unity \
Download SourceTree/GitHub Application\
Download Dropbox\
\
Add gitrepo \
set that up using the Github Application\
\
Asset Management (Work in Progress)\
\
\
}